# Flowable REST API (merged)

Generated by merging per-module Swagger specs.



| Method | Path | Summary | Parameters | Responses |
|--------|------|---------|------------|-----------|
/service/ Acquire External Worker Jobs | body(body) | 200: Indicates the jobs were acquired and locked.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights acquire the jobs. |
/service/ Complete an External Worker Job with a BPMN Error | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was successfully completed.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights complete the job.<br>404: Indicates the job does not exist. |
/service/ Complete an External Worker Job with a cmmn terminate transition | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was successfully transitioned.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights complete the job.<br>404: Indicates the job does not exist. |
/service/ Complete an External Worker Jobs | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was successfully completed.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights complete the job.<br>404: Indicates the job does not exist. |
/service/ Fail an External Worker Job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was successfully completed.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights complete the job.<br>404: Indicates the job does not exist. |
/service/ Get app engine info |  | 200: Indicates the engine info is returned. |
/service/ List of app definitions | category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>key(query)<br>keyLike(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>resourceName(query)<br>resourceNameLike(query)<br>version(query)<br>versionGreaterThan(query)<br>versionGreaterThanOrEquals(query)<br>versionLowerThan(query)<br>versionLowerThanOrEquals(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>latest(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the app definitions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a app definition | appDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the app definition was found returned.<br>404: Indicates the app definition was not found. |
/service/ Execute actions for an app definition | appDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates action has been executed for the specified app definition. (category altered)<br>400: Indicates no category was defined in the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested app definition was not found. |
/service/ Get an App model | appDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the app model was found returned.<br>404: Indicates the app model was not found. |
/service/ Get an app definition resource content | appDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates both app definition and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested app definition was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the app definition. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List of App Deployments | name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the request was successful. |
/service/ Create a new app deployment | tenantId(query)<br>file(formData) | 201: Indicates the app deployment was created.<br>400: Indicates there was no content present in the request body or the content mime-type is not supported for app deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ Get an app deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the app deployment was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested app deployment was not found. |
/service/ Delete an app deployment | deploymentId(path) | 204: Indicates the App deployment was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested app deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get an app deployment resource content | deploymentId(path)<br>resourceName(path) | 200: Indicates both app deployment and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested app deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the app deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List resources in a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and the resource list has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get a deployment resource | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of historic case instances | caseInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionKey(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategory(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategoryLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategoryLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>caseDefinitionName(query)<br>caseDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query)<br>businessKey(query)<br>businessKeyLike(query)<br>businessKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>businessStatus(query)<br>businessStatusLike(query)<br>businessStatusLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>involvedUser(query)<br>finished(query)<br>finishedAfter(query)<br>finishedBefore(query)<br>startedAfter(query)<br>startedBefore(query)<br>startedBy(query)<br>state(query)<br>callbackId(query)<br>callbackType(query)<br>parentCaseInstanceId(query)<br>referenceId(query)<br>referenceType(query)<br>lastReactivatedBy(query)<br>lastReactivatedBefore(query)<br>lastReactivatedAfter(query)<br>activePlanItemDefinitionId(query)<br>includeCaseVariables(query)<br>includeCaseVariablesName(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>withoutCaseInstanceParentId(query)<br>withoutCaseInstanceCallbackId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic case instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Post action request to delete a bulk of historic case instances | bulkDeleteRestActionRequest(body) | 204: Indicates the bulk of historic case instances was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates at least one requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a historic case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic process instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instances could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/  Delete a historic case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates that the historic process instance was deleted.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instance could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ List identity links of a historic case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the identity links are returned<br>404: Indicates the process instance could not be found.. |
/cmmn-api/ Migrate historic case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the historiccase instance was found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested historic case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a stage overview of historic case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic case instance was found.<br>204: successful operation<br>404: Indicates that the historic case instance could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a historic case instance variable | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of historic milestone instances | milestoneId(query)<br>milestoneName(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>reachedBefore(query)<br>reachedAfter(query) | 200: Indicates that historic milestone instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a historic milestone instance by id | milestoneInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic milestone instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic milestone instances could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ List of historic plan item instances | planItemInstanceId(query)<br>planItemInstanceName(query)<br>planItemInstanceState(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>stageInstanceId(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>planItemDefinitionId(query)<br>planItemDefinitionType(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>lastAvailableBefore(query)<br>lastAvailableAfter(query)<br>lastEnabledBefore(query)<br>lastEnabledAfter(query)<br>lastDisabledBefore(query)<br>lastDisabledAfter(query)<br>lastStartedBefore(query)<br>lastStartedAfter(query)<br>lastSuspendedBefore(query)<br>lastSuspendedAfter(query)<br>completedBefore(query)<br>completedAfter(query)<br>terminatedBefore(query)<br>terminatedAfter(query)<br>occurredBefore(query)<br>occurredAfter(query)<br>exitBefore(query)<br>exitAfter(query)<br>endedBefore(query)<br>endedAfter(query)<br>startUserId(query)<br>referenceId(query)<br>referenceType(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic planItem instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a historic plan item instance | planItemInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic plan item instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic plan item instances could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ List historic task instances | taskId(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>caseInstanceIdWithChildren(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>propagatedStageInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>taskDefinitionKey(query)<br>taskName(query)<br>taskNameLike(query)<br>taskNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>taskDescription(query)<br>taskDescriptionLike(query)<br>taskCategory(query)<br>taskCategoryIn(query)<br>taskCategoryNotIn(query)<br>taskWithoutCategory(query)<br>taskDeleteReason(query)<br>taskDeleteReasonLike(query)<br>taskAssignee(query)<br>taskAssigneeLike(query)<br>taskOwner(query)<br>taskOwnerLike(query)<br>taskInvolvedUser(query)<br>taskCandidateGroup(query)<br>taskPriority(query)<br>finished(query)<br>processFinished(query)<br>parentTaskId(query)<br>dueDate(query)<br>dueDateAfter(query)<br>dueDateBefore(query)<br>withoutDueDate(query)<br>taskCompletedOn(query)<br>taskCompletedAfter(query)<br>taskCompletedBefore(query)<br>taskCreatedOn(query)<br>taskCreatedBefore(query)<br>taskCreatedAfter(query)<br>includeTaskLocalVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic task instances could be queried.<br>404: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single historic task instance | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic task instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic task instances could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a historic task instance | taskId(path) | 204: Indicates that the historic task instance was deleted.<br>404: Indicates that the historic task instance could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a historic task instance form | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the task form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List identity links of a historic task instance | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the identity links are returned<br>404: Indicates the task instance could not be found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a historic task instance variable | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not  have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of historic variable instances | caseInstanceId(query)<br>taskId(query)<br>excludeTaskVariables(query)<br>excludeLocalVariables(query)<br>variableName(query)<br>variableNameLike(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that historic variable instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a historic task instance variable | varInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the variable instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable instance was not found or the variable instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List deadletter jobs | id(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Move a bulk of deadletter jobs. Accepts 'move' and 'moveToHistoryJob' as action. | body(body) | 204: Indicates the dead letter jobs where moved. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single deadletter job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the suspended job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ Move a single deadletter job. Accepts 'move' and 'moveToHistoryJob' as action. | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the dead letter job was moved. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a deadletter job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the exception stacktrace for a deadletter job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get engine info |  | 200: Indicates the engine info is returned. |
/cmmn-api/ List history jobs | id(query)<br>withException(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>lockOwner(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single history job job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the history job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ Execute a history job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a history job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the history job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List jobs | id(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ Execute a single job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the exception stacktrace for a job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ List suspended jobs | id(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single suspended job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the suspended job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a suspended job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the exception stacktrace for a suspended job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ List timer jobs | id(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single timer job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the timer job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ Execute a single job action (move or reschedule) | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the timer job action was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a timer job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the exception stacktrace for a timer job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Query case instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case instances are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for historic case instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case instances are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for historic milestone instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the milestone instances are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for historic plan item instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the plan item instances are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for historic task instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for historic variable instances | body(body)<br>sort(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query plan item instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the plan item instances are returned.<br>404: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for tasks | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned.<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Query for variable instances | body(body)<br>sort(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of case definitions | version(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>key(query)<br>keyLike(query)<br>resourceName(query)<br>resourceNameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>startableByUser(query)<br>latest(query)<br>suspended(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case definitions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that latest is used with other parameters other than key and keyLike. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Execute actions for a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates action has been executed for the specified process. (category altered)<br>400: Indicates no category was defined in the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Batch migrate all instances of case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates case instances were found and batch migration was started.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Batch migrate all historic instances of case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates historic case instances were found and batch migration was started.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List decision tables for a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the case definition was found and the decision tables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List decisions for a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the case definition was found and the decisions are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List form definitions for a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the case definition was found and the form definitions are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List candidate starters for a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the case definition was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Add a candidate starter to a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the case definition was found and the identity link was created.<br>400: Indicates the body does not contain the correct information.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a candidate starter from a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path) | 200: Indicates the case definition was found and the identity link was returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found or the case definition does not have an identity-link that matches the url. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a candidate starter from a case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path) | 204: Indicates the case definition was found and the identity link was removed. The response body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found or the case definition does not have an identity-link that matches the url. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case definition image | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Migrate all instances of case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates case instances were found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Migrate all historic case instances of case definition | caseDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates historic case instances were found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case definition CMMN model | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the model is returned. The response contains the full process definition model.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case definition resource content | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates both case definition and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the case definition. The status-description contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case definition start form | caseDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case definition form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested case definition was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List Deployments | name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the request was successful. |
/cmmn-api/ Create a new deployment | deploymentKey(query)<br>deploymentName(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>file(formData) | 201: Indicates the deployment was created.<br>400: Indicates there was no content present in the request body or the content mime-type is not supported for deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a deployment | deploymentId(path)<br>cascade(query) | 204: Indicates the deployment was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a deployment resource content | deploymentId(path)<br>resourceName(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List resources in a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and the resource list has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a deployment resource | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List case instances | id(query)<br>caseDefinitionKey(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategory(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategoryLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionCategoryLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>caseDefinitionName(query)<br>caseDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query)<br>businessKey(query)<br>businessKeyLike(query)<br>businessKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>businessStatus(query)<br>businessStatusLike(query)<br>businessStatusLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>caseInstanceParentId(query)<br>startedBy(query)<br>startedBefore(query)<br>startedAfter(query)<br>state(query)<br>callbackId(query)<br>callbackType(query)<br>parentCaseInstanceId(query)<br>referenceId(query)<br>referenceType(query)<br>lastReactivatedBy(query)<br>lastReactivatedBefore(query)<br>lastReactivatedAfter(query)<br>includeCaseVariables(query)<br>includeCaseVariablesName(query)<br>activePlanItemDefinitionId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the case instances are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Start a case instance | body(body) | 201: Indicates the case instance was created.<br>400: Indicates either the case definition was not found (based on id or key), no process is started by sending the given message or an invalid variable has been passed. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Post action request to delete/terminate a bulk of case instances | body(body) | 204: Indicates the bulk of case instances was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates at least one requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Update case instance properties or execute an action on a case instance (body needs to contain an 'action' property for the latter). | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and the action/update is performed.<br>204: Indicates the case was found, the change was performed and it caused the case instance to end.<br>400: Indicates an illegal parameter was passed, required parameters are missing in the request body or illegal variables are passed in. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Terminate a case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates the case instance was found and terminate. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Change the state of a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and change state activity was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates the case instance was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get diagram for a case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and the diagram was returned.<br>400: Indicates the requested case instance was not found but the process does not contain any graphical information (CMMN DI) and no diagram can be created.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get involved people for case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Add an involved user to a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the case instance was found and the link is created.<br>400: Indicates the requested body did not contain a userId or a type.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a specific involved people from case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and the specified link is retrieved.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found or the link to delete does not exist. The response status contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Remove an involved user to from case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 204: Indicates the case instance was found and the link has been deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found or the link to delete does not exist. The response status contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Migrate case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested case instance action cannot be executed since the case-instance is already activated/suspended. |
/cmmn-api/  | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: successful operation |
/cmmn-api/ List variables for a case instance | caseInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and variables are returned.<br>400: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Create variables or new binary variable on a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the case instance was found and variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the case instance was found but already contains a variable with the given name (only thrown when POST method is used). Use the update-method instead. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a multiple/single (non)binary variable on a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the case instance was found and variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete all variables | caseInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates variables were found and have been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Create variables or new binary variable on a case instance asynchronously | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to create the variables has been created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>409: Indicates the case instance contains a variable with the given name (only thrown when POST method is used). Use the update-method instead. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a multiple/single (non)binary variable on a case instance asynchronously | caseInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to update the variables has been created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a single variable on a case instance asynchronously | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to update the variable has been created.<br>404: Indicates the case instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a variable for a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates both the case instance and variable were found and variable is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found or the case instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a single variable on a case instance | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates both the case instance and variable were found and variable is updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested case instance was not found or the case instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a variable | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates the variable was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a variable | caseInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the case instance was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested case was not found or the case does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of event subscriptions | id(query)<br>eventType(query)<br>eventName(query)<br>activityId(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>withoutScopeDefinitionId(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>configuration(query)<br>withoutConfiguration(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessDefinitionId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested event subscriptions were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single event subscription | eventSubscriptionId(path) | 200: Indicates the event subscription exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested event subscription does not exist. |
/cmmn-api/ List of plan item instances | id(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>stageInstanceId(query)<br>planItemDefinitionId(query)<br>planItemDefinitionType(query)<br>planItemDefinitionTypes(query)<br>state(query)<br>name(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>referenceId(query)<br>referenceType(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>startUserId(query)<br>includeEnded(query)<br>includeLocalVariables(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the executions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get an plan item instance | planItemInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the plan item instance was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the plan item instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Execute an action on a plan item instance | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the plan item instance was found and the action is performed.<br>204: Indicates the plan item instance was found, the action was performed and the action caused the plan item instance to end.<br>400: Indicates an illegal action was requested, required parameters are missing in the request body or illegal variables are passed in. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the plan item instance was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Create a variable on a plan item | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates both the plan item instance and variable were found and variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested plan item instance was not found or the plan item instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>409: Indicates the plan item instance was found but already contains a variable with the given name. Use the update-method instead. |
/cmmn-api/ Create a variable on a plan item asynchronously | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to create a variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the plan item instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>409: Indicates the plan item instance already contains a variable with the given name. Use the update-method instead. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a variable on a plan item asynchronously | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates the job to update a variable is created.<br>404: Indicates the plan item instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a variable on a plan item | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates both the plan item instance and variable were found and variable is updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested plan item instance was not found or the plan item instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a variable for a plan item instance | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates both the plan item and variable were found and variable has been deleted.<br>404: Indicates the requested plan item was not found or the plan item does not have a variable with the given name in the requested scope. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a variable | planItemInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the plan item instance was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested plan item was not found or the plan item does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of tasks | taskId(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>description(query)<br>priority(query)<br>minimumPriority(query)<br>maximumPriority(query)<br>assignee(query)<br>assigneeLike(query)<br>owner(query)<br>ownerLike(query)<br>unassigned(query)<br>delegationState(query)<br>candidateUser(query)<br>candidateGroup(query)<br>candidateGroups(query)<br>involvedUser(query)<br>taskDefinitionKey(query)<br>taskDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>caseInstanceId(query)<br>caseInstanceIdWithChildren(query)<br>caseDefinitionId(query)<br>caseDefinitionKey(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>caseDefinitionKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>planItemInstanceId(query)<br>propagatedStageInstanceId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>subScopeId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>createdOn(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>dueOn(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>withoutDueDate(query)<br>excludeSubTasks(query)<br>active(query)<br>includeTaskLocalVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>candidateOrAssigned(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryIn(query)<br>categoryNotIn(query)<br>withoutCategory(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Create Task | body(body) | 201: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Update Tasks | body(body) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Tasks actions | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the action was executed.<br>400: When the body contains an invalid value or when the assignee is missing when the action requires it.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the action cannot be performed due to a conflict. Either the task was updates simultaneously or the task was claimed by another user, in case of the claim action. |
/cmmn-api/ Update a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the task was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested task was updated simultaneously. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a task | taskId(path)<br>cascadeHistory(query)<br>deleteReason(query) | 204: Indicates the task was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>403: Indicates the requested task cannot be deleted because its part of a workflow.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a task form | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the task form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List identity links for a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Create an identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the task was found and the identity link was created.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/cmmn-api/ List identity links for a task for either groups or users | taskId(path)<br>family(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a single identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 200: Indicates the task and identity link was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete an identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 204: Indicates the task and identity link were found and the link has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/cmmn-api/ List of sub tasks for a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the  sub tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ List variables for a task | taskId(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.. |
/cmmn-api/ Create new variables on a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 201: Indicates the variables were created and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the name of a variable to create was missing or that an attempt is done to create a variable on a standalone task (without a process associated) with scope global or an empty array of variables was included in the request or request did not contain an array of variables. Status message provides additional information.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the task already has a variable with the given name. Use the PUT method to update the task variable instead.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete all local variables on a task | taskId(path) | 204: Indicates all local task variables have been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/cmmn-api/ Get a variable from a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Update an existing variable on a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates the variables was updated and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the name of a variable to update was missing or that an attempt is done to update a variable on a standalone task (without a process associated) with scope global. Status message provides additional information.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name in the given scope. Status message contains additional information about the error.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/cmmn-api/ Delete a variable on a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates the task variable was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name. Status message contains additional information about the error. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a variable | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ List of variable instances | caseInstanceId(query)<br>taskId(query)<br>excludeTaskVariables(query)<br>excludeLocalVariables(query)<br>variableName(query)<br>variableNameLike(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that variable instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/cmmn-api/ Get the binary data for a variable instance | varInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the variable instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable instance was not found or the variable instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ Get engine info |  | 200: Indicates the engine info is returned. |
/service/ List of channel definitions | version(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>key(query)<br>keyLike(query)<br>keyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>createTime(query)<br>createTimeAfter(query)<br>createTimeBefore(query)<br>resourceName(query)<br>resourceNameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>latest(query)<br>onlyInbound(query)<br>onlyOutbound(query)<br>implementation(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the channel definitions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that latest is used with other parameters other than key and keyLike. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a channel definition | channelDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the channel definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested channel definition was not found. |
/service/ Get a channel definition JSON model | channelDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the event definition was found and the model is returned. The response contains the full event definition model.<br>404: Indicates the requested event definition was not found. |
/service/ Get a channel definition resource content | channelDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates both channel definition and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested channel definition was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the channel definition. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List Deployments | name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the request was successful. |
/service/ Create a new deployment | category(query)<br>deploymentName(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>file(formData) | 201: Indicates the deployment was created.<br>400: Indicates there was no content present in the request body or the content mime-type is not supported for deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Delete a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 204: Indicates the deployment was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get a deployment resource content | deploymentId(path)<br>resourceName(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List resources in a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and the resource list has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get a deployment resource | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List of event definitions | version(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>key(query)<br>keyLike(query)<br>keyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>resourceName(query)<br>resourceNameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>latest(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the event definitions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that latest is used with other parameters other than key and keyLike. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get an event definition | eventDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the event definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested event definition was not found. |
/service/ Get an event definition JSON model | eventDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the event definition was found and the model is returned. The response contains the full event definition model.<br>404: Indicates the requested event definition was not found. |
/service/ Get an event definition resource content | eventDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates both event definition and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested event definition was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the event definition. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ Send an event instance | body(body) | 204: Indicates the event instance was created.<br>400: Indicates either the event definition was not found (based on id or key), no event was send. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get form data | taskId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query) | 200: Indicates that form data could be queried.<br>404: Indicates that form data could not be found. |
/service/ Submit task form data | body(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the form data was submitted<br>204: If TaskId has been provided, Indicates request was successful and the form data was submitted. Returns empty<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ List groups | id(query)<br>name(query)<br>type(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>member(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested groups were returned. |
/service/ Create a group | body(body) | 201: Indicates the group was created.<br>400: Indicates the id of the group was missing. |
/service/ Get a single group | groupId(path) | 200: Indicates the group exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested group does not exist. |
/service/ Update a group | groupId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the group was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested group was updated simultaneously. |
/service/ Delete a group | groupId(path) | 204: Indicates the group was found and  has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested group does not exist. |
/service/ Add a member to a group | groupId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the group was found and the member has been added.<br>400: Indicates the userId was not included in the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested user is already a member of the group. |
/service/ Delete a member from a group | groupId(path)<br>userId(path) | 204: Indicates the group was found and the member has been deleted. The response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found or that the user is not a member of the group. The status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List historic activity instances | activityId(query)<br>activityInstanceId(query)<br>activityName(query)<br>activityType(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>finished(query)<br>taskAssignee(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic activity instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get historic detail | id(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>activityInstanceId(query)<br>taskId(query)<br>selectOnlyFormProperties(query)<br>selectOnlyVariableUpdates(query) | 200: Indicates that historic detail could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a historic detail variable | detailId(path) | 200: Indicates the historic detail instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested historic detail instance was not found or the historic detail instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List of historic process instances | processInstanceId(query)<br>processInstanceName(query)<br>processInstanceNameLike(query)<br>processInstanceNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionKey(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processDefinitionName(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionCategory(query)<br>processDefinitionCategoryLike(query)<br>processDefinitionCategoryLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionVersion(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query)<br>businessKey(query)<br>businessKeyLike(query)<br>businessKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>businessStatus(query)<br>businessStatusLike(query)<br>businessStatusLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>activeActivityId(query)<br>involvedUser(query)<br>finished(query)<br>superProcessInstanceId(query)<br>excludeSubprocesses(query)<br>finishedAfter(query)<br>finishedBefore(query)<br>startedAfter(query)<br>startedBefore(query)<br>startedBy(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariablesName(query)<br>callbackId(query)<br>callbackType(query)<br>parentCaseInstanceId(query)<br>withoutCallbackId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic process instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Post action request to delete a bulk of historic process instances | bulkDeleteRestActionRequest(body) | 204: Indicates the bulk of historic process instances was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates at least one requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Get a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic process instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instances could not be found. |
/service/  Delete a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates that the historic process instance was deleted.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instance could not be found. |
/service/ List comments on a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the comments are returned.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instance could not be found. |
/service/ Create a new comment on a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the comment was created and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the comment is missing from the request.<br>404: Indicates that the historic process instance could not be found. |
/service/ Get a comment on a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>commentId(path) | 200: Indicates the historic process instance and comment were found and the comment is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested historic process instance was not found or the historic process instance does not have a comment with the given ID. |
/service/ Delete a comment on a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>commentId(path) | 204: Indicates the historic process instance and comment were found and the comment is deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested historic process instance was not found or the historic process instance does not have a comment with the given ID. |
/service/ List identity links of a historic process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the identity links are returned<br>404: Indicates the process instance could not be found.. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a historic process instance variable | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List historic task instances | taskId(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>processInstanceIdWithChildren(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>processDefinitionKey(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processDefinitionName(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>processBusinessKey(query)<br>processBusinessKeyLike(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>taskDefinitionKey(query)<br>taskDefinitionKeys(query)<br>taskName(query)<br>taskNameLike(query)<br>taskNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>taskDescription(query)<br>taskDescriptionLike(query)<br>taskCategory(query)<br>taskCategoryIn(query)<br>taskCategoryNotIn(query)<br>taskWithoutCategory(query)<br>taskDeleteReason(query)<br>taskDeleteReasonLike(query)<br>taskAssignee(query)<br>taskAssigneeLike(query)<br>taskOwner(query)<br>taskOwnerLike(query)<br>taskInvolvedUser(query)<br>taskCandidateGroup(query)<br>taskPriority(query)<br>finished(query)<br>processFinished(query)<br>parentTaskId(query)<br>dueDate(query)<br>dueDateAfter(query)<br>dueDateBefore(query)<br>withoutDueDate(query)<br>taskCompletedOn(query)<br>taskCompletedAfter(query)<br>taskCompletedBefore(query)<br>taskCreatedOn(query)<br>taskCreatedBefore(query)<br>taskCreatedAfter(query)<br>includeTaskLocalVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>propagatedStageInstanceId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query) | 200: Indicates that historic task instances could be queried.<br>404: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a single historic task instance | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates that the historic task instances could be found.<br>404: Indicates that the historic task instances could not be found. |
/service/ Delete a historic task instance | taskId(path) | 204: Indicates that the historic task instance was deleted.<br>404: Indicates that the historic task instance could not be found. |
/service/ Get a historic task instance form | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the task form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ List identity links of a historic task instance | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the identity links are returned<br>404: Indicates the task instance could not be found. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a historic task instance variable | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List historic task log entries | taskId(query)<br>type(query)<br>userId(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>subScopeId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>from(query)<br>to(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>fromLogNumber(query)<br>toLogNumber(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that historic task log entries could be queried.<br>404: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ List of historic variable instances | processInstanceId(query)<br>taskId(query)<br>excludeTaskVariables(query)<br>excludeLocalVariables(query)<br>variableName(query)<br>variableNameLike(query)<br>sort(body)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that historic variable instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a historic task instance variable | varInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the variable instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable instance was not found or the variable instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List groups | id(query)<br>name(query)<br>type(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>member(query)<br>potentialStarter(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested groups were returned. |
/service/ Create a group | body(body) | 201: Indicates the group was created.<br>400: Indicates the id of the group was missing. |
/service/ Get a single group | groupId(path) | 200: Indicates the group exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested group does not exist. |
/service/ Update a group | groupId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the group was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested group was updated simultaneously. |
/service/ Delete a group | groupId(path) | 204: Indicates the group was found and  has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested group does not exist. |
/service/ Add a member to a group | groupId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the group was found and the member has been added.<br>400: Indicates the userId was not included in the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested user is already a member of the group. |
/service/ Delete a member from a group | groupId(path)<br>userId(path) | 204: Indicates the group was found and the member has been deleted. The response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested group was not found or that the user is not a member of the group. The status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List users | id(query)<br>firstName(query)<br>lastName(query)<br>displayName(query)<br>email(query)<br>firstNameLike(query)<br>lastNameLike(query)<br>displayNameLike(query)<br>emailLike(query)<br>memberOfGroup(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>potentialStarter(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the group exists and is returned. |
/service/ Create a user | body(body) | 201: Indicates the user was created.<br>400: Indicates the id of the user was missing. |
/service/ Get a single user | userId(path) | 200: Indicates the user exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested user does not exist. |
/service/ Update a user | userId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the user was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested user was updated simultaneously. |
/service/ Delete a user | userId(path) | 204: Indicates the user was found and  has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found. |
/service/ List users info | userId(path) | 200: Indicates the user was found and list of info (key and url) is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found. |
/service/ Create a new users info entry | userId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the user was found and the info has been created.<br>400: Indicates the key or value was missing from the request body. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found.<br>409: Indicates there is already an info-entry with the given key for the user, update the resource instance (PUT). |
/service/ Get a users info | userId(path)<br>key(path) | 200: Indicates the user was found and the user has info for the given key.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found or the user does ot have info for the given key. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Update a users info | userId(path)<br>key(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the user was found and the info has been updated.<br>400: Indicates the value was missing from the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found or the user does not have info for the given key. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Delete a users info | userId(path)<br>key(path) | 204: Indicates the user was found and the info for the given key has been deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found or the user does not have info for the given key. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get a users picture | userId(path) | 200: Indicates the user was found and has a picture, which is returned in the body.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found or the user does not have a profile picture. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Updating a users picture | userId(path)<br>file(formData) | 204: Indicates the user was found and the picture has been updated. The response-body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found. |
/service/ Get IDM engine info |  | 200: Indicates the engine info is returned. |
/service/ List External Worker Jobs | elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>id(query)<br>locked(query)<br>order(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>size(query)<br>start(query)<br>subScopeId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withException(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeType(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights to query for external worker jobs. |
/service/ Get a single external worker job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was returned.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights access the job.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ Get a single batch part | batchPartId(path) | 200: Indicates the batch part exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested batch part does not exist. |
/service/ Get the batch part document | batchPartId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested batch part was found and the batch part document has been returned. The response contains the raw batch part document and always has a Content-type of application/json.<br>404: Indicates the requested batch part was not found or the job does not have a batch part document. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List batches | id(query)<br>batchType(query)<br>searchKey(query)<br>searchKey2(query)<br>createTimeBefore(query)<br>createTimeAfter(query)<br>completeTimeBefore(query)<br>completeTimeAfter(query)<br>status(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query) | 200: Indicates the requested batches were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single batch | batchId(path) | 200: Indicates the batch exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested batch does not exist. |
/service/ Delete a batch | batchId(path) | 204: Indicates the batch was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested batch was not found. |
/service/ Get the batch document | batchId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested batch was found and the batch document has been returned. The response contains the raw batch document and always has a Content-type of application/json.<br>404: Indicates the requested batch was not found or the job does not have a batch document. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List batch parts | batchId(path)<br>status(query) | 200: Indicates the requested batch parts were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ List deadletter jobs | id(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>handlerType(query)<br>handlerTypes(query)<br>executable(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeType(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Move a bulk of deadletter jobs. Accepts 'move' and 'moveToHistoryJob' as action. | body(body) | 204: Indicates the dead letter jobs where moved. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/service/ Get a single deadletter job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the suspended job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/service/ Move a single deadletter job. Accepts 'move' and 'moveToHistoryJob' as action. | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the dead letter job was moved. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/service/ Delete a deadletter job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ Get the exception stacktrace for a deadletter job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get engine info |  | 200: Indicates the engine info is returned. |
/service/ Get all engine properties |  | 200: Indicates that engine properties were found and returned. |
/service/ Create a new engine property | body(body) | 201: Indicates the property is created<br>409: Indicates the property already exists |
/service/ Update an engine property | engineProperty(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the property is updated<br>404: Indicates the property is not found |
/service/ Delete an engine property | engineProperty(path) | 204: Indicates the property was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested property was not found. |
/service/ List history jobs | id(query)<br>withException(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>handlerType(query)<br>handlerTypes(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>lockOwner(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single history job job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the history job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/service/ Execute a history job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/service/ Delete a history job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the history job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ List jobs | id(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>handlerType(query)<br>handlerTypes(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeType(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/service/ Execute a single job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/service/ Delete a job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ Get the exception stacktrace for a job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List engine properties |  | 200: Indicates the properties are returned. |
/service/ List suspended jobs | id(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>handlerType(query)<br>handlerTypes(query)<br>executable(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeType(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single suspended job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the suspended job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/service/ Delete a suspended job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ Get the exception stacktrace for a suspended job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/  List tables |  | 200: Indicates the request was successful. |
/service/ Get a single table | tableName(path) | 200: Indicates the table exists and the table count is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested table does not exist. |
/service/ Get column info for a single table | tableName(path) | 200: Indicates the table exists and the table column info is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested table does not exist. |
/service/ Get row data for a single table | tableName(path)<br>start(query)<br>size(query)<br>orderAscendingColumn(query)<br>orderDescendingColumn(query) | 200: Indicates the table exists and the table row data is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested table does not exist. |
/service/ List timer jobs | id(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>elementId(query)<br>elementName(query)<br>handlerType(query)<br>handlerTypes(query)<br>executable(query)<br>timersOnly(query)<br>messagesOnly(query)<br>withException(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>exceptionMessage(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>locked(query)<br>unlocked(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeType(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested jobs were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter or the both 'messagesOnly' and 'timersOnly' are used as parameters. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single timer job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the timer job exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested job does not exist. |
/service/ Execute a single job action (move or reschedule) | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the timer job action was executed. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found.<br>500: Indicates the an exception occurred while executing the job. The status-description contains additional detail about the error. The full error-stacktrace can be fetched later on if needed. |
/service/ Delete a timer job | jobId(path) | 204: Indicates the job was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found. |
/service/ Get the exception stacktrace for a timer job | jobId(path) | 200: Indicates the requested job was not found and the stacktrace has been returned. The response contains the raw stacktrace and always has a Content-type of text/plain.<br>404: Indicates the requested job was not found or the job does not have an exception stacktrace. Status-description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List privileges | id(query)<br>name(query)<br>userId(query)<br>groupId(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested privileges were returned. |
/service/ Get a single privilege | privilegeId(path) | 200: Indicates the privilege exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested privilege does not exist. |
/service/ Deletes a privilege for a group | privilegeId(path)<br>groupId(path) | 200: Indicates the group privilege has been deleted |
/service/ List all groups for a given privilege | privilegeId(path) | 200: Indicates the privilege exists and its groups are returned. |
/service/ Adds a privilege for a group | privilegeId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the group privilege has been added |
/service/ List all users for a given privilege | privilegeId(path) | 200: Indicates the privilege exists and its users are returned. |
/service/ Adds a privilege for a user | privilegeId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the user privilege has been added |
/service/ Deletes a privilege for a user | privilegeId(path)<br>userId(path) | 200: Indicates the user privilege has been deleted |
/service/ Query for activity instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the activities are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information |
/service/ Query executions | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the executions are returned.<br>404: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for historic activity instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the activities are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information |
/service/ Query for historic details | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the historic details are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for historic process instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process instances are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for historic task instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for historic variable instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query process instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process-instances are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for tasks | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned.<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Query for variable instances | body(body)<br>sort(body) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ List Deployments | name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentIdLike(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the request was successful. |
/service/ Create a new deployment | deploymentKey(query)<br>deploymentName(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>file(formData) | 201: Indicates the deployment was created.<br>400: Indicates there was no content present in the request body or the content mime-type is not supported for deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Delete a deployment | deploymentId(path)<br>cascade(query) | 204: Indicates the deployment was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get a deployment resource content | deploymentId(path)<br>resourceName(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List resources in a deployment | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates the deployment was found and the resource list has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found. |
/service/ Get a deployment resource | deploymentId(path) | 200: Indicates both deployment and resource have been found and the resource has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested deployment was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the deployment. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ List models | id(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>key(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>version(query)<br>latestVersion(query)<br>deployed(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the models are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Create a model | body(body) | 201: Indicates the model was created. |
/service/ Get a model | modelId(path) | 200: Indicates the model was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Update a model | modelId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the model was found and updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Delete a model | modelId(path) | 204: Indicates the model was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Get the editor source for a model | modelId(path) | 200: Indicates the model was found and source is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Set the editor source for a model | modelId(path)<br>file(formData) | 204: Indicates the model was found and the source has been updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Get the extra editor source for a model | modelId(path) | 200: Indicates the model was found and source is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ Set the extra editor source for a model | modelId(path)<br>file(formData) | 204: Indicates the model was found and the extra source has been updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested model was not found. |
/service/ List of process definitions | version(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>key(query)<br>keyLike(query)<br>resourceName(query)<br>resourceNameLike(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryLike(query)<br>categoryNotEquals(query)<br>deploymentId(query)<br>parentDeploymentId(query)<br>startableByUser(query)<br>latest(query)<br>suspended(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process-definitions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that latest is used with other parameters other than key and keyLike. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a process definition | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process-definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Execute actions for a process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates action has been executed for the specified process. (category altered, activate or suspend)<br>400: Indicates no category was defined in the request body.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process definition is already suspended or active. |
/service/ Batch migrate all instances of process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates process instances were found and batch migration was started.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ List decision tables for a process-definition | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the decision tables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ List decisions for a process-definition | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the decisions are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ List form definitions for a process-definition | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the form definitions are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ List candidate starters for a process-definition | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Add a candidate starter to a process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the process definition was found and the identity link was created.<br>400: Indicates the body does not contain the correct information.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Get a candidate starter from a process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the identity link was returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found or the process definition does not have an identity-link that matches the url. |
/service/ Delete a candidate starter from a process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path) | 204: Indicates the process definition was found and the identity link was removed. The response body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found or the process definition does not have an identity-link that matches the url. |
/service/ Get a process definition image | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process-definitions are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Migrate all instances of process definition | processDefinitionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates process instances were found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Get a process definition BPMN model | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates the process definition was found and the model is returned. The response contains the full process definition model.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ Get a process definition resource content | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates both process definition and resource have been found and the resource data has been returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found or there is no resource with the given id present in the process definition. The status-description contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a process definition start form | processDefinitionId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process definition form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested process definition was not found. |
/service/ List activity instances | activityId(query)<br>activityInstanceId(query)<br>activityName(query)<br>activityType(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>finished(query)<br>taskAssignee(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that activity instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ List of event subscriptions | id(query)<br>eventType(query)<br>eventName(query)<br>activityId(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>withoutProcessDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>subScopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>withoutScopeDefinitionId(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>configuration(query)<br>withoutConfiguration(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the requested event subscriptions were returned.<br>400: Indicates an illegal value has been used in a url query parameter. Status description contains additional details about the error. |
/service/ Get a single event subscription | eventSubscriptionId(path) | 200: Indicates the event subscription exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested event subscription does not exist. |
/service/ List of executions | id(query)<br>activityId(query)<br>processDefinitionKey(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>messageEventSubscriptionName(query)<br>signalEventSubscriptionName(query)<br>parentId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the executions are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Signal event received | body(body) | 204: Indicates request was successful and the executions are returned<br>404: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get an execution | executionId(path) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the execution was not found. |
/service/ Execute an action on an execution | executionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and the action is performed.<br>204: Indicates the execution was found, the action was performed and the action caused the execution to end.<br>400: Indicates an illegal action was requested, required parameters are missing in the request body or illegal variables are passed in. Status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the execution was not found. |
/service/ List active activities in an execution | executionId(path) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and activities are returned.<br>404: Indicates the execution was not found. |
/service/ Change the state of an execution | executionId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and the action is performed.<br>404: Indicates the execution was not found. |
/service/ List variables for an execution | executionId(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found. |
/service/ Create variables on an execution | executionId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the execution was found and variable is created/updated.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found.<br>409: Indicates the execution was found but already contains a variable with the given name. Use the update-method instead. |
/service/ Update variables on an execution | executionId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the execution was found and variable is created/updated.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found. |
/service/ Delete all variables for an execution | executionId(path) | 204: Indicates the execution was found and variables have been deleted.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found. |
/service/ Create variables on an execution asynchronously | executionId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to create the variables has been created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>409: Indicates the execution already contains a variable with the given name. Use the update-method instead. |
/service/ Update variables on an execution asynchronously | executionId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to update the variables has been created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Update a variable on an execution asynchronously | executionId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates both the process instance and variable were found and variable is updated.<br>404: Indicates the process instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get a variable for an execution | executionId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates both the execution and variable were found and variable is returned.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found or the execution does not have a variable with the given name in the requested scope (in case scope-query parameter was omitted, variable does not exist in local and global scope). Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Update a variable on an execution | executionId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates both the process instance and variable were found and variable is updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Delete a variable for an execution | executionId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates both the execution and variable were found and variable has been deleted.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found or the execution does not have a variable with the given name in the requested scope. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get the binary data for an execution | executionId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the execution was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested execution was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List process instances | id(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionName(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionKey(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processDefinitionCategory(query)<br>processDefinitionCategoryLike(query)<br>processDefinitionCategoryLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>processDefinitionVersion(query)<br>processDefinitionEngineVersion(query)<br>businessKey(query)<br>businessKeyLike(query)<br>businessKeyLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>businessStatus(query)<br>businessStatusLike(query)<br>businessStatusLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>startedBy(query)<br>startedBefore(query)<br>startedAfter(query)<br>activeActivityId(query)<br>involvedUser(query)<br>suspended(query)<br>superProcessInstanceId(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query)<br>subProcessInstanceId(query)<br>excludeSubprocesses(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariablesName(query)<br>callbackId(query)<br>callbackType(query)<br>parentCaseInstanceId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>tenantIdLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the process-instances are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format . The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Start a process instance | body(body) | 201: Indicates the process instance was created.<br>400: Indicates either the process-definition was not found (based on id or key), no process is started by sending the given message or an invalid variable has been passed. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Bulk delete process instances | body(body) | 204: Indicates the bulk of process instances was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates at least one requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Get a process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Update process instance properties or execute an action on a process instance (body needs to contain an 'action' property for the latter). | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the update/action was executed.<br>400: Indicates a invalid parameters are supplied.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process instance change cannot be executed since the process-instance is in a wrong status which doesn't accept the change |
/service/ Delete a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>deleteReason(query) | 204: Indicates the process instance was found and deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Change the state a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and change state activity was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process instance action cannot be executed since the process-instance is already activated/suspended. |
/service/ Get diagram for a process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the diagram was returned.<br>400: Indicates the requested process instance was not found but the process does not contain any graphical information (BPMN:DI) and no diagram can be created.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Evaluate the conditions of a process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the evaluation of the conditions was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process instance action cannot be executed since the process-instance is already activated/suspended. |
/service/ Get involved people for process instance | processInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Add an involved user to a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the process instance was found and the link is created.<br>400: Indicates the requested body did not contain a userId or a type.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Get a specific involved people from process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the specified link is retrieved.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the link to delete does not exist. The response status contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Remove an involved user to from process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 204: Indicates the process instance was found and the link has been deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the link to delete does not exist. The response status contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Inject activity in a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the process instance was updated and the activity injection was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process instance action cannot be executed since the process-instance is already activated/suspended. |
/service/ Migrate process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and migration was executed.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested process instance action cannot be executed since the process-instance is already activated/suspended. |
/service/ List variables for a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and variables are returned.<br>400: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Create variables or new binary variable on a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the process instance was found and variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>409: Indicates the process instance was found but already contains a variable with the given name (only thrown when POST method is used). Use the update-method instead. |
/service/ Update a multiple/single (non)binary variable on a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates the process instance was found and variable is created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/service/ Delete all variables | processInstanceId(path) | 204: Indicates variables were found and have been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found. |
/service/ Create variables or new binary variable on a process instance asynchronously | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to create the variables was created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>409: Indicates the process instance was found but already contains a variable with the given name (only thrown when POST method is used). Use the update-method instead. |
/service/ Update multiple/single (non)binary variables on a process instance asynchronously | processInstanceId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to create or update the variables was created.<br>400: Indicates the request body is incomplete or contains illegal values. The status description contains additional information about the error.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/service/ Update a single variable on a process instance asynchronously | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the job to update the variable has been created.<br>404: Indicates the process instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get a variable for a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates both the process instance and variable were found and variable is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Update a single variable on a process instance | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates both the process instance and variable were found and variable is updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested process instance was not found or the process instance does not have a variable with the given name. Status description contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Delete a variable | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates the variable was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable was not found. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a variable | processInstanceId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the process instance was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ Signal event received | body(body) | 202: Indicated signal processing is queued as a job, ready to be executed.<br>204: Indicated signal has been processed and no errors occurred.<br>400: Signal not processed. The signal name is missing or variables are used together with async, which is not allowed. Response body contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ List of tasks | taskId(query)<br>name(query)<br>nameLike(query)<br>nameLikeIgnoreCase(query)<br>description(query)<br>priority(query)<br>minimumPriority(query)<br>maximumPriority(query)<br>assignee(query)<br>assigneeLike(query)<br>owner(query)<br>ownerLike(query)<br>unassigned(query)<br>delegationState(query)<br>candidateUser(query)<br>candidateGroup(query)<br>candidateGroups(query)<br>involvedUser(query)<br>taskDefinitionKey(query)<br>taskDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>taskDefinitionKeys(query)<br>processInstanceId(query)<br>processInstanceIdWithChildren(query)<br>withoutProcessInstanceId(query)<br>processInstanceBusinessKey(query)<br>processInstanceBusinessKeyLike(query)<br>processDefinitionId(query)<br>processDefinitionKey(query)<br>processDefinitionKeyLike(query)<br>processDefinitionName(query)<br>processDefinitionNameLike(query)<br>executionId(query)<br>createdOn(query)<br>createdBefore(query)<br>createdAfter(query)<br>dueDate(query)<br>dueBefore(query)<br>dueAfter(query)<br>withoutDueDate(query)<br>excludeSubTasks(query)<br>active(query)<br>includeTaskLocalVariables(query)<br>includeProcessVariables(query)<br>scopeDefinitionId(query)<br>scopeId(query)<br>withoutScopeId(query)<br>scopeType(query)<br>propagatedStageInstanceId(query)<br>tenantId(query)<br>tenantIdLike(query)<br>withoutTenantId(query)<br>candidateOrAssigned(query)<br>category(query)<br>categoryIn(query)<br>categoryNotIn(query)<br>withoutCategory(query)<br>rootScopeId(query)<br>parentScopeId(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Create Task | body(body) | 201: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Update Tasks | body(body) | 200: successful operation<br>201: Indicates request was successful and the tasks are returned<br>400: Indicates a parameter was passed in the wrong format or that delegationState has an invalid value (other than pending and resolved). The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Tasks actions | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the action was executed.<br>400: When the body contains an invalid value or when the assignee is missing when the action requires it.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the action cannot be performed due to a conflict. Either the task was updates simultaneously or the task was claimed by another user, in case of the claim action. |
/service/ Update a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the task was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested task was updated simultaneously. |
/service/ Delete a task | taskId(path)<br>cascadeHistory(query)<br>deleteReason(query) | 204: Indicates the task was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>403: Indicates the requested task cannot be deleted because its part of a workflow.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ List attachments on a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the attachments are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Create a new attachment on a task, containing a link to an external resource or an attached file | taskId(path)<br>body(body)<br>file(formData)<br>name(formData)<br>description(formData)<br>type(formData) | 201: Indicates the attachment was created and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the attachment name is missing from the request.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Get an attachment on a task | taskId(path)<br>attachmentId(path) | 200: Indicates the task and attachment were found and the attachment is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the tasks does not have a attachment with the given ID. |
/service/ Delete an attachment on a task | taskId(path)<br>attachmentId(path) | 204: Indicates the task and attachment were found and the attachment is deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the tasks does not have a attachment with the given ID. |
/service/ Get the content for an attachment | taskId(path)<br>attachmentId(path) | 200: Indicates the task and attachment was found and the requested content is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have an attachment with the given id or the attachment does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List comments on a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the comments are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Create a new comment on a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the comment was created and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the comment is missing from the request.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/  Get a comment on a task | taskId(path)<br>commentId(path) | 200: Indicates the task and comment were found and the comment is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the tasks does not have a comment with the given ID. |
/service/ Delete a comment on a task | taskId(path)<br>commentId(path) | 204: Indicates the task and comment were found and the comment is deleted. Response body is left empty intentionally.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the tasks does not have a comment with the given ID. |
/service/ List events for a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the events are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Get an event on a task | taskId(path)<br>eventId(path) | 200: Indicates the task and event were found and the event is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the tasks does not have an event with the given ID. |
/service/ Delete an event on a task | taskId(path)<br>eventId(path) | 204: Indicates the task was found and the events are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested event. |
/service/ Get a task form | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the task form is returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ List identity links for a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Create an identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body) | 201: Indicates the task was found and the identity link was created.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/service/ List identity links for a task for either groups or users | taskId(path)<br>family(path) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested identity links are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Get a single identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 200: Indicates the task and identity link was found and returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/service/ Delete an identity link on a task | taskId(path)<br>family(path)<br>identityId(path)<br>type(path) | 204: Indicates the task and identity link were found and the link has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have the requested identityLink. The status contains additional information about this error. |
/service/ List of sub tasks for a task | taskId(path) | 200: Indicates request was successful and the  sub tasks are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ List variables for a task | taskId(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.. |
/service/ Create new variables on a task | taskId(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 201: Indicates the variables were created and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the name of a variable to create was missing or that an attempt is done to create a variable on a standalone task (without a process associated) with scope global or an empty array of variables was included in the request or request did not contain an array of variables. Status message provides additional information.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found.<br>409: Indicates the task already has a variable with the given name. Use the PUT method to update the task variable instead.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/service/ Delete all local variables on a task | taskId(path) | 204: Indicates all local task variables have been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found. |
/service/ Get a variable from a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ Update an existing variable on a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>body(body)<br>name(formData)<br>type(formData)<br>scope(formData) | 200: Indicates the variables was updated and the result is returned.<br>400: Indicates the name of a variable to update was missing or that an attempt is done to update a variable on a standalone task (without a process associated) with scope global. Status message provides additional information.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name in the given scope. Status message contains additional information about the error.<br>415: Indicates the serializable data contains an object for which no class is present in the JVM running the Flowable engine and therefore cannot be deserialized. |
/service/ Delete a variable on a task | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 204: Indicates the task variable was found and has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name. Status message contains additional information about the error. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a variable | taskId(path)<br>variableName(path)<br>scope(query) | 200: Indicates the task was found and the requested variables are returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested task was not found or the task does not have a variable with the given name (in the given scope). Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ List of variable instances | processInstanceId(query)<br>taskId(query)<br>excludeTaskVariables(query)<br>excludeLocalVariables(query)<br>variableName(query)<br>variableNameLike(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates that variable instances could be queried.<br>400: Indicates an parameter was passed in the wrong format. The status-message contains additional information. |
/service/ Get the binary data for a variable instance | varInstanceId(path) | 200: Indicates the variable instance was found and the requested variable data is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested variable instance was not found or the variable instance does not have a variable with the given name or the variable does not have a binary stream available. Status message provides additional information. |
/service/ Unacquire External Worker Jobs | body(body) | 200: successful operation<br>204: Indicates the jobs were unacquired.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights to unacquire the jobs. |
/service/ Unaquire an External Worker Job | jobId(path)<br>body(body) | 204: Indicates the job was successfully unaquired.<br>400: Indicates the request was invalid.<br>403: Indicates the user does not have the rights to unacquire the job.<br>404: Indicates the job does not exist. |
/service/ List users | id(query)<br>firstName(query)<br>lastName(query)<br>displayName(query)<br>email(query)<br>firstNameLike(query)<br>lastNameLike(query)<br>displayNameLike(query)<br>emailLike(query)<br>memberOfGroup(query)<br>sort(query)<br>order(query)<br>start(query)<br>size(query) | 200: Indicates the group exists and is returned. |
/service/ Create a user | body(body) | 201: Indicates the user was created.<br>400: Indicates the id of the user was missing. |
/service/ Get a single user | userId(path) | 200: Indicates the user exists and is returned.<br>404: Indicates the requested user does not exist. |
/service/ Update a user | userId(path)<br>body(body) | 200: Indicates the user was updated.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found.<br>409: Indicates the requested user was updated simultaneously. |
/service/ Delete a user | userId(path) | 204: Indicates the user was found and  has been deleted. Response-body is intentionally empty.<br>404: Indicates the requested user was not found. |